[docs] on multi-asset concept page, use AssetSpec, not AssetOut (#23111)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/assets/multi-assets.mdx

### A basic multi-asset

The easiest way to create a multi-asset is with the <PyObject object="multi_asset" decorator /> decorator. This decorator functions similarly to the <PyObject object="asset" decorator /> decorator, but requires a `specs` parameter specifying each asset that the function materializes.

```python file=/concepts/assets/multi_assets.py startafter=start_basic_multi_asset endbefore=end_basic_multi_asset
from dagster import AssetSpec, multi_asset

@multi_asset(specs=[AssetSpec("users"), AssetSpec("orders")])
def my_function():
    # some code that writes out data to the users table and the orders table
    ...
```

### Conditional materialization

In some cases, an asset may not need to be updated in storage each time the decorated function is executed. You can use the `skippable` parameter along with `yield` syntax and <PyObject object="MaterializeResult" /> to implement this behavior.

> If the `skippable` parameter is set to `True` on an <PyObject object="AssetSpec" />, and your function does not `yield` a <PyObject object="MaterializeResult" /> object for that asset, then no asset materialization event will be created, downstream assets in the same run will not be materialized, and asset sensors monitoring the asset will not trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `skippable` parameter is set to `True` on an <PyObject object="AssetSpec" /> and your function does not `yield` a <PyObject object="MaterializeResult" /> object for that asset, then:

- No asset materialization event will be created, 
- Downstream assets in the same run will not be materialized, and 
- Asset sensors monitoring the asset will not trigger
```

I saw Jamie's comment about this paragraph being kinda dense. What d'you think about taking the opportunity to do something like this?

Author: 👍

```python file=/concepts/assets/multi_asset_conditional_materialization.py
import random

from dagster import AssetSpec, MaterializeResult, asset, multi_asset

@multi_asset(
    specs=[AssetSpec("asset1", skippable=True), AssetSpec("asset2", skippable=True)]
)
def assets_1_and_2():
    if random.randint(1, 10) < 5:
        yield MaterializeResult(asset_key="asset1")

    if random.randint(1, 10) < 5:
        yield MaterializeResult(asset_key="asset2")

@asset(deps=["asset1"])
def downstream1():
    """Will not run when assets_1_and_2 doesn't materialize asset1."""

@asset

> def downstream2(asset2):

Reviewer 2: also use  `deps` for  `downstream_2`?

Author: 👍

    """Will not run when assets_1_and_2 doesn't materialize asset2."""
```

### Subsetting multi-assets

By default, it is assumed that the computation inside of a multi-asset will always produce the contents all of the associated assets. This means that attempting to execute a set of assets that produces some, but not all, of the assets defined by a given multi-asset will result in an error.

> Sometimes, the underlying computation is sufficiently flexible to allow for computing an arbitrary subset of the assets associated with it. In these cases, set the `skippable` attribute of the asset specs to `True`, and set the `can_subset` parameter of the decorator to `True`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, the underlying computation is sufficiently flexible to allow for computing an arbitrary subset of the assets associated with it. In these cases, you should set the following to `True`:

- The asset spec's `skippable` attribute
- The decorator's `can_subset` parameter
```

Similar suggestion here to make this less dense. I'm not sure I formatted 'spec' (or 'specs'?) here correctly, but overall, wdyt of this approach?

Author: Mind if I punt this suggestion to a separate change? Seems like a reasonable change to make, but out of scope of what I'm trying to fix in this PR.
